Add inbound-filter docs for replay (#9975)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/session-replay/replay-details.mdx

## Retention

Replays are retained for 90 days in sentry.io (the same retention period as other event types, such as Errors and Transactions). The retention period is not configurable.

## Inbound Filtering

> Session replay supports some inbound filtering rules.  Those rules are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Session Replay supports some inbound filtering rules.  Those rules are:
```

Reviewer: Is this the correct phrasing? It's not that inbound filters apply to Session Replay specifically. It's that **errors** that are dropped due to the aforementioned Inbound Filters, won't also be captured as part of`replaysOnErrorSampleRate` for Session Replay. I think that nuance is important

- IP Address
- Releases
- Request URL
- User-Agent

> **Note**, due to a quirk in how Replay emits successful outcomes versus filtered and dropped outcomes you may observe a larger than expected increase in filtered outcomes. This is not an error. Filtered outcomes are emitted per **event** whereas successful outcomes are emitted per **replay**.  A replay being a collection of events means there is a natural imbalance in the number of outcomes per category.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: Due to a quirk in how Replay emits successful outcomes versus filtered and dropped outcomes, you may observe a larger than expected increase in filtered outcomes. This is not an error. Filtered outcomes are emitted per **event** whereas successful outcomes are emitted per **replay**.  A replay being a collection of events means there is a natural imbalance in the number of outcomes per category.
```

> **Note**: Due to a quirk in how Replay emits successful outcomes versus filtered and dropped outcomes, you may observe a larger than expected increase in filtered outcomes. This is not an error. Filtered outcomes are emitted per **event** whereas successful outcomes are emitted per **replay**.  A replay being a collection of events means there is a natural imbalance in the number of outcomes per category.

Reviewer 3: How about we call it segment instead of events? Would that be more accurate?

```suggestion
**Note**: Due to a quirk in how Replay emits successful outcomes versus filtered and dropped outcomes, you may observe a larger than expected increase in filtered outcomes. This is not an error. Filtered outcomes are emitted per **segment** whereas successful outcomes are emitted per **replay**.  A replay being a collection of segments means there is a natural imbalance in the number of outcomes per category.
```

Author: I didn't know if that was too much "jargon" or if they would understand.  I'm happy to change it if you think its better.

Reviewer: "**Note**: Due to a quirk in how Replay emits successful outcomes versus filtered and dropped outcomes, you may observe a larger than expected increase in filtered outcomes." should we say 'on your Stats page' to contextualize this? That's where this info lives for the user (see Stats in left-nav)

Reviewer: I think 'segments' is better IMO. Calling a replay a collection of events is pretty confusing since we already have a notion of 'replay events' and that's tied to our billing, and in that world, one replay is one event.

Reviewer: Although I will say that it's hard for me to parse this note and the takeaway. @vivianyentran @lizokm perhaps we can reword and shorten?

> **Note**: Due to a quirk in how Replay emits successful outcomes versus filtered and dropped outcomes, you may observe a larger than expected increase in filtered outcomes. This is not an error. Filtered outcomes are emitted per **event** whereas successful outcomes are emitted per **replay**.  A replay being a collection of events means there is a natural imbalance in the number of outcomes per category.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Note**: Because filtered outcomes are emitted per **segment** whereas successful outcomes are emitted per **replay**  (a replay being a collection of segments), you may see a noticeable increase in filtered outcomes on your [Stats](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/stats) page. This is not an error.
```
@jas-kas here's what I'd recommend.

Or we can do: **Note**: Because filtered outcomes are emitted per **segment** whereas successful outcomes are emitted per **replay**  (a replay being a collection of segments), you may see significantly more filtered than successful outcomes on your [Stats](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/stats) page. This is not an error.
